Hey folks, Intel is a
sponsor this week and I
welcome them because they're bringing
some high performance developer tools
for all of us. Check
out Intel's parallel studio X,
E I've talked about parallelism
before on the show and
the importance of using the
complete instruction set, unlocking the
power of the process or
that your code is running
on. Now, you all might
be writing C or C
plus plus Python or even
Fortran, but is your code
building in such a way
and written in such a
way that it uses the
latest techniques for vectorization multithreading
multi-node parallelization or memory optimization?
Intel parallel studio XE has
a lot of new stuff
for 2018 across all these
languages. Get a free download
at bitly.com/parallels studio X, Z,
or certainly go and Google
or Google with being for
Intel parallel studio XE and
get started. Boosting your apps
performance with smart parallel code
with a lot less effort.
Check them out. piddly.com/parallels studio
X E. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes today.
I'm talking with Maurice cherry.
He's a designer and a
producer at glitchy fog Creek,
and he recently won the
Steven Heller prize for his
podcast revision path from the
AGA the American Institute of
graphic arts. How are you,
sir? Darn pretty good. Scott,
how are you? I'm doing
pretty well. I've known you
for a while and just
like my podcast, your podcast
has been chugging along for
a long time. You are
definitely been in the podcast
game for a while. You
have to almost 250 episodes
at this point. Yeah, we
are actually, I think factoring
in our bonus episodes. We
might be right at two
50, but we're getting up
there. We'll hit, we'll definitely
hit 250 regular episodes in
July. That's fantastic. Like I
know that having hit, you
know, I'm over 500 now,
basically every week is your
show weekly or biweekly. It's
weekly, weekly. So you've been
doing this now five years.
Plus there's so many podcasts
that are out there where
people get into it for,
you know, 11, 12, 15
episodes. They miss one and
then they miss another. And
then, you know what I
mean? Then their weekly show
is a monthly show. And
then it's like, it's just
sad. How did you stick
with it for so long
and, and, and not stop.
It really helps to have
a plan and a schedule.
The good thing with these
interviews is that I do
a lot of them ahead
of time. So I usually
try to put at least
maybe about a month between
the interview and when it
airs, which gives me more
than enough time to juggle
scheduling, to handle any sort
of editing issues or things
like that. And I've really
just been able to kind
of keep on that particular
path now for five years.
And you've been doing this
for a while. You switched
to weekly in April of
2013, are you producing all
of by yourself? No, no.
I do have an editor,
so that also helps my,
my editor, RJ is worth
his weight in gold and
he is the one that
sort of takes the raw
conversations that I end up
having. And he sort of
edits and shapes them into
something. Now I still produce
the episode every week. So
while he may handle the
actual interview part, I still
record every intro and outro
and every ad every week.
And I package the show
together and export it and
schedule it. Yeah, my editor,
Mandy, who is hopefully listening
to this right now, if
she's editing a is also
worth their weight in gold.
And so you won the
Steven Heller prize, which is
actually for cultural commentary and
you've also won awards, like
most inspiring design pockets. It's
a design podcast for about
and by designers, but it's
250 episodes and it is
black designers. So for someone
who says there aren't 250
black designers, it sounds to
me like you've still got
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds
of shows to do beyond
this. You don't have any
trouble finding guests. Oh no,
there's no trouble with, with
finding guests. And I should
say it's mostly designed, does
that all designer? So I
say it's probably a good
mix of some designers, developers
and just overall creatives. I
mean, we've had presentation designers,
apparel designers, we've got software
engineers, we have design educators.
We've got a pretty good
cross section across, I think,
design and development in terms
of who we had on
the show. And it's of
course not just here in
the U S we've had
people throughout Europe, throughout Africa
through the Caribbean. I'm hoping
this year to get to
Asia and South America working
on that. So it's really
kind of a good mix
of what designers are doing
around the world. And are
you like me? My podcast
is a side thing. I
mean, I have a job.
This is still a side,
a side hustle, Actually. No,
it's part of my job
now. Seriously. How did you
hook that up? I need
to get that up. That's
cool. Shower. I don't know.
Well, fog Creek is, is
a, is a, is a
sponsor, but they're also gracious
enough for me to do
this right alongside my regular
work. So with that, you
know, we're also able to
kind of bring the revision
path audience along for things
that we're doing at fall
Creek, as it relates to
glitch, you know, if there
are certain campaigns that we're
doing or a certain, you
know, audience or segment that
we're trying to hit, then
the revision path audience is,
you know, kind of a
built in component of that.
That's great. And glitch, of
course, everyone's learning about and
hearing about glitch on Twitter
because you're CEO and Neil
dash is like the King
of Twitter right now, glitch
calm. It's a, it's a
friendly community where you build
the app of your dreams.
It's not code pen, but
it's also not an IDE
it's something else. Yeah. It's,
it's something else. All right.
I mean, what we're trying
to do with glitch has
really kind of opened up,
you know, design and development
for new audience. We want
to eliminate the barriers that,
you know, kind of prevent
people from wanting to learn
how to create on the
web. So you can either
create a brand new blank
project. You can remix any
of the projects that we
have on our website or
in any of our collections.
It's really open for people
to just explore and learn
and, you know, have a
good time on the web.
You know, we we've taken
out all the, you know,
kind of barriers and jerky
stuff that sort of prevents
people from wanting to learn
how to code or to
really get active on the
way we want to bring
the fun back. We want
to bring back that sort
of, you know, late nineties,
geo cities, angel, fire, tripod,
kind of fun with creation
on the web. Yeah, it's
interesting because it is clearly
designed in that it is,
it is thoughtful, right? It
doesn't look slapped together. It
has a design language, the
buttons, the hovers, everything is
clean, but it also has,
and I don't mean this
in any way in, in
a to insult it. It
has a, a nineties kind
of silliness or sloppiness almost
like I was looking at
a little, a little cat
popped up, you know, and
you don't really think of
a corporate site with little
cat in the corner, click
on the cat. And then
it talks about like, here's
some new stuff. And then
there's like a little dog
with this. And then there's
like, Oh, here's a animated
gift from no limit records.
Like it does. It is
both simultaneously well-designed and thoughtful,
but also silly in its
color scheme and its use
of animated gifts and stuff.
It's kind of got a
foot in both worlds. You
know what I mean? Yeah.
I think the kids these
days would call that aesthetic.
Is that the aesthetic is
that the glitches Imagine aesthetic
and like a, like a
model line font spaced out
people who are listed might
know what I'm talking about.
It's very, we do intentionally
make sure that we have
that kind of fun design.
So it becomes more approachable.
You know, I really want
to empower people to create.
And if it just looks
like some boring staid, IDE,
then people might not want
to want to use it.
Yeah, exactly. And this is
a great way to pick
up, you know, node programming,
JavaScript programming, whether it be
on the back end or
the front end and then
maybe graduate to a, a,
an IDE like visual studio
code at some point know
down the road when you've
learned what you want to
learn. Yeah. And, but the
way that we have set
up, you can even, you
know, export to get hub.
If you are more familiar
with GitHub or you want
to graduate to using, you
know, kind of a different
environment like that, you can
even do that. You can
import repos from GitHub just
to kind of play around
with and test out. It's
really flexible. It's really, really
flexible. What is this rewind
feature? I'm trying to understand
what I'm looking at is
this like source control, but
it's done like a DVR.
That's a, that's a good
point. So glittery wind is
a new feature that we
came out with not too
long ago because we just
came out of beta. And
what glittery wine does, is
it reinvents version control and
undo, you know, when you're
learning something or when you're
really kind of trying to
figure something out, we want
to put that confidence back
into coding. So with rewind,
you can undo any of
your mistakes at any time,
just by clicking the rewind
button and dragging the scrubber
across the timeline back to
a point or a state
in your code where things
were were better. Yeah. And
it's interesting because you know,
I've been, I've been running
around and trying to break
it, figure out what I
can do to break clips.
Cause you know, hackers always
kind of my fear and
I was moving too fast
maybe, and I got some
kind of an error and
it looks like you are
using get underneath. So you're
almost teaching them source control
without making them think about,
get that's right. That's pretty
slick. That's a really nice
way to get people up
to speed, but it's in
a safe place for lack
of a better word. Yeah.
It's a safe place. It's
very easy to share your
work. You can invite others
to, to work on a
project with you. And even
if you get stuck on
anything, there's also another new
feature that we have put
out. I think we're sort
of internally calling it hand
raise or at least that's
how I've heard it called
internally where you can highlight
a line that you might
be having a problem with
and a little icon will
appear next to it. And
you can click that and
get help from other members
of the glitch community, Right.
I'm inside of a server
dot JS right now. I
there's a line here that
says app express. I, if
I don't know what that
means, I can click next
to it. And then a
little person pops up. I
can click on it. It
says, ask for help from
the community. And it gives
me a URL. That means
the community could be with
English or it could be
on Twitter. And I could
say, Hey, what's this line
what's going on here? Yeah,
absolutely. This is cool though.
But I am fascinated to
understand how you're going to
make money off of it,
but it's certainly got people
excited. Well, you know, I
don't know if I'm, I'm
a really qualified to talk
about how we'll make money
off of it, but certainly
we've gotten people excited about
building on the web. Again,
that's really, I think our
primary goal right now. Exactly.
Well, it definitely feels like,
like the geo cities of
the past. And it's also
nice that the name of
your project becomes then the
sub domain. So I could
then pass, you know, you
know, food-bar.glitch.me off to someone
and put it in my
portfolio. So this could actually
allow someone to build a
project and then put it
out there and say, look,
I made this, stick it
in their LinkedIn or a
tweet about it. Yeah. That's
pretty slick. I'm digging it.
So you are working as
a content producer and a
designer, but I noticed when
we were setting up for
this podcast, you were running
windows. Is that, is that
weird? Do you feel like
out of sorts, I thought
you, I thought you required
as a designer, like to
run back. Oh Boy. Oh,
the dilemma of being a
windows only designer, I've been,
I've been wondering A windows
developer or windows designer feel
about that. I mean, so
I I've just always been
more comfortable with using windows.
I have used, you know,
max before. I mean, certainly
I think everyone of a
certain age has probably used
the Apple Toohey. And when
I was in high school,
we had like power max,
I think, or Macintoshes. But
once I got into college,
I just switched over to
windows. And at that was
that, I mean, for me,
it's just been a more
comfortable environment to work in.
I wish that there wasn't
this weird, stupid division that
I think parts of the
design community put up between
windows and Mac, as it
relates to the tools that
we use. I, I hate
that it's gotten divisive to
that point where Mac users
have these special design tools
that only they use that
they're trying to sort of
make industry standard, but they
can't become industry standard. If
windows users can't use them.
Yes. I'm talking about sketch.
I don't like that kind
of, sort of weird division
with, with kind of the
way the design tools are
right now. But I don't
think being a designer and
being on a Mac are,
are like, requirement's, you know,
I think it's that way
because perhaps I think it's
more of an, I use
that word aesthetic again. I
feel like it's another kind
of aesthetic choice. People think
that, you know, max just
look better. They, you know,
render the fonts better or
what have you, maybe the
tools are better, et cetera,
blah, blah, blah. But I
mean, at the end of
the day, you know, as
a designer, it's it doesn't
really it, the tools that
you use, I think are
not important. You know, if
you're on a Mac or
on windows, if you can
design, you can design. So
I don't like the fact
that the tools are kind
of furthering this weird separation
when it's, it's sort of
standing in the way of
having designers create. That's how
I feel. At least I
think the idea of the
aesthetic or the sense of
like I brought into this
ecosystem. Like, I mean, I'm
team iPhone because I, I,
I say we approve of
the aesthetic, but you know,
it just, it feels like
my space, it feels like
my place. And presumably you
use windows and I use
windows because we also feel
like that. But then you
feel like, well, but now
this tool I want to
use, isn't available to me
on this platform. So what
do you do when the
app you want is on
the other platform, but that
doesn't feel like home, You
know, I'm not all windows.
So like my main, my
main computer and my work
laptop are windows, but I
also have a iPad mini
that's mounted to my desk.
I'm looking at it right
now and I have iPad
pro. So there are some
things that I will still
kind of use the Mac
ecosystem for now. Granted, I
don't, I mean, I don't
think sketches of no, it's
not available for iPad pro.
So there are some things
that I still would not
be able to use because
there's a difference between, you
know, Mac iOS and iOS.
So I mean, tool wise,
I don't know. The only
issue I really run up
against is sketch. I found
that there are, there's always
going to be a crafty
developer that might create a
windows version of a Mac
only kind of tool hasn't
really happened with sketch it.
I guess you could call
Adobe XD that, but I
don't use that either. So
it's Are you like a
creative cloud person? I am
a creative cloud person. I
mostly these days in Photoshop,
illustrator, InDesign, and premiere, and
a little bit of after
effects and audition, of course,
for, for audio. Yeah, exactly.
Myself as well. I got
the, getting the creative cloud
subscription has been super useful.
I actually, I liked the
way that everything is moving
to subscriptions like this. I
know some people don't dig
it, but back in the
day I didn't have $500
to buy word or $500
by Photoshop, but I can
probably swing 1995 and yeah.
Yeah. And I mean, for
me, my job pays for
it. So that's even better.
Great work on your podcast.
That's cool. A big thank
you to our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
And I hope that you
support them the way they
support us progress. Software is
the creator of the most
comprehensive developer toolkit for building
modern apps on the market.
Today Tellerik dev craft with
more than 1100 tellerik.net and
Kendo, UI JavaScript components and
controls. You can easily build
modern high-performance web mobile and
desktop apps as well as
chatbots. The tool set also
includes reporting solutions, automated testing,
and productivity tools and come
to the range of support
options. New this year is
a free online training program
for all license holders, with
this alongside thousands of demos
and source code available, comprehensive
documentation and a full assortment
of visual studio templates, you'll
be up and running with
the progress Tellerik and Kendo
UI controls in no time
download a free 30 day
trial today at tellerik.com/hanselman that's
T L E R I
k.com/hanselman. So it sounds like
being a, a windows developer.
You are a windows developer
in the fog Creek offices,
but you're still cool with
your choice. And it hasn't
been a huge problem with
this kind of, you know,
design monoculture. I mean, it
really hasn't because the work
that I'm doing is at
least the deliverables I can
do them easily in Photoshop.
I mean, there might be
an issue where maybe something
export it from sketch might
look a little wonky in
illustrator, but even then I
found a workaround because there
might be someone else on
the design team that has
Mac, so they can kind
of work with it. If
I can't now I don't
know what everyone else remotely
is using. There might be
some other remote windows users,
but certainly I think with
the design elements that we're
doing with fall Creek, we're
mostly Mac. And then I'm
the, I'm the outlier, These,
these new design sites that
are out there, like people
see my blog and they'll
try to steal the design
or they'll steal my CSS.
And that is what it
is. But the thing that
I'm noticing the most right
now online are these, these
design sites where I can
buy a theme for five
bucks. Don't make it difficult
when in the past you'd
have to pay a designer,
you know, for their hourly
wage or a, you know,
their time, $500 thousand dollars
or thousands of dollars for
a full site. What do
you feel about these, these
inexpensive logo sites and theme
sites and what that says
about design on the web
today? I mean, I think
that those marketplaces certainly have
a purpose. I think the
problem becomes, or I think
the problem happens when consumers
tend to think that equals
design. A lot of people
might think that these marketplaces
have kind of cheapened design
because of that. But if
anything, I think it's only
further commodity commoditized it to
the point where they will
go to a designer that
maybe doesn't ask something on
theme forest, but they think
that they're able to kind
of use these same types
of tactics and bargains. Like,
do you have discounts or
do you have packages or
things like that where most
designers, at least I know
independent ones will try to
come from a place of
value as opposed to just
a strict, you know, sort
of dollar amount. Like it
costs exactly this much. I
don't, I don't, I think
there's a place for them.
I mean, I've used them.
I'm not gonna lie. I've
definitely used them before, because
sometimes you just need that,
that $5 thing for something
really quick and dirty that
you need to just throw
it together and put it
up there. I mean, but
then it depends, I think
on what the value of
what, what the value is
that your, your in result
is going to be. So
if you're trying to put
up something, I don't know,
maybe if you're putting up
a blog or something that
you're not really making any
money off of. I mean,
yes, you probably should go
with a designer that can
make your custom thing, but
you may not even know
if you like the blog.
You may not even know
if this is something that
you continue. And so if
you put maybe a 40
to $50 investment into a
theme and it doesn't pan
out, you've only lost 40
or $50. You know, if
you go to a designer,
maybe it's a, it's a
different conversation of, you know,
thousands of dollars, perhaps different
tools and different kinds of
things that you buy, I
think are, are okay. I
mean, I've even flirted at
some point with putting little
templates or icon packs or
something up for sale, because
sometimes you just need that
one thing. You may not
need to always go to
a designer to get the
full package, but it depends
on what your project is.
You know, if you're a
multinational, you know, multimillion dollar
company, and you're only going
to theme forest or something
like that, that might be
an issue, you know, because
you certainly might have the,
the, the manpower or the
budget to hire someone or
to, you know, bring on
a designer to actually do
something more custom. But I
see. So you're saying that
these, these $5 themes are
making, you know, design and
presumably design of some quality
available to regular folks. Like,
you know, like myself and
the listeners, but then at
some point you have to
decide your corporate identity requires
a custom set up a
custom design, and it's time
to start paying someone some,
some money. And also, I
mean, you get what you
pay for. I mean, if
you pay for something, that's
$5. The other thing that
these marketplaces do is that
they really don't give you
that much of a preview
of what's under the hood.
You don't really know what
the documentation or the options
panels or anything look like
until you've purchased. I know
that I bought some things
and I've gotten the documentation
and everything and it's trash
and I can barely use
it, but I paid X
amount of dollars for it.
And oftentimes you can't get
that money back. So he
can be a little bit
of a crapshoot, but you
get what you pay for.
Yeah, definitely. And I'm speaking
if we get what you
pay for, I'm starting to
be frustrated. As I see
people saying, give me some
design, I'll give you exposure.
How do you feel about
that? I mean, exposure is
for cameras. So not a
fan, Not a fan. I
mean, the thing with the
internet is that anyone can
have some level of exposure.
I don't, I don't buy
that whole. Oh, if you
do it for XYZ exposure
thing, I really hate when
that comes. Particularly from celebrities
who you would think would
know better. You know? I
mean, I think it's one
thing. If they feel like
you have to pay your
dues, but, but nah, I
don't, I don't buy that
Somehow. It seems like the
celebrities are good. Like they're
the ones that we think
have the most money, but
they're the ones that get
the most free stuff. Why
don't we get free stuff
for the people? I mean,
politicians do the same thing.
So it's kind of that
same, it's that same thing.
If they can get it
for free, they will. Yeah.
That's not cool. So, so
you've interviewed 150 plus designers,
developers, front end people. I
don't know about you, but
I've always struggled a little
bit with imposter syndrome. The
idea of feeling like a
phony. When you look at
that kind of like crush
of talented people that you've
had on the show, do
you think that all these
visible designers are giving other
designers a sense of imposter
syndrome? I mean, there's so
much great design on the
web right now. I think
sometimes, sometimes that can happen.
I know there are times
when I reach out to
people for the show and
they've seen that I've interviewed,
you know, Kristy Tillman or
Eddie APAR or, or, you
know, Sarah Hunter young or something
like that. They see that
I've interviewed these well known
designers and they'll say, Oh,
I'm not at that level
yet. Oh, I'm not there
yet. And oftentimes I have
to tell them, well, that's
the reason why I want
to talk to you. I
don't think it's the one
thing that I think I
really like about revision path
is that I've tried to
get people at all different
levels. I've got students, I've
got captains of industry. I've
got educators, I've got junior
designers, I've got senior designers.
I think it's more important
that they just tell their
story about where they're at,
because where you're at is
not where you're always going
to be. So even if
someone thinks that, Oh, I'm
not, I'm not good enough
to be on here or
whatever. I'll tell them if
I've reached out to you
to be on the show,
I feel like you have
something that's worth sharing. That's
cool. Hopefully they don't feel
that way. But I do
know that some do. I
mean, I certainly have gotten
pushback from folks that will
say, Oh, I don't know
if I'm, if I'm ready.
If I know that's, that's
the other thing, if they're
ready and I'm like, well,
there's never really going to
be a ready. You either
are gonna, I mean, you're
either going to do the
interview and that to the
interview, but they feel like
they have to get to
a certain point in their
career in order for people
to talk to them about
their work. And no, I
mean, you get to that
point by talking about what
you're doing step of the
way. So people know what
it is that you're doing.
So they see that you're
visible and you're out there
and you're working and you're
hustling. If you're just staying
in the sidelines and grinding
and biggest, I was going
to notice you, that's probably
not going to happen. Yeah.
It really is a challenge
because people, you know, you
don't want to say fake
it till you make it
right. But you, but at
the same time there Self,
self promotion with Promotion, like
it's okay to own your
awesomeness and be like, you
did something awesome and own
it. And that talking about,
Hey, I did a thing
and it makes me happy
and I did a good
job. I don't think that
necessarily is, is saying, you
know, look how slick I
am. Right. I hope it
doesn't. It really shouldn't. Yeah.
Yeah. I hope not. And
I've had similar issues trying
to get people on, on
my show. I had a
guest on recently who was
concerned. They couldn't fill the
half an hour and it
was pretty clear that I
could have talked to them
for 90 minutes or two
hours, or maybe that they
could have done it an
eight hour session, like an
entire workshop. There was such
a huge amount of information.
30 minutes goes by like
that. Yeah. When, what was
the environment like for designers
online when you started revision
path tagging and five years
ago, six years ago, What
was the environment like, Like
online, were there a lot
of visible designers with designers,
personalities that you would go
and say, Oh yeah, I
know that name. I know
honey. I know Chrissy Tillman
or, or is that a
new thing? The star designer,
the visible designer? No, I
think the visible designer has
always been there because the
problem that design media has
is that they tend to
regurgitate the same seven or
eight dozen people out on
conferences and podcasts and things
like that. So there are,
there's always been that level
of visible designer. I think
the problem is that that
visible designer has always looked
one way. It's always been,
you know, one certain type
of person. And so the,
the look of what a
designer could be or who
a designer could be, is
I think has drastically changed
as I've started revision path.
I don't want to be
boastful and say that I've
really helped to change it
a lot. I think we
just said to own that
though. Didn't we just talk
about that? So, I mean,
I, I hope that, you
know, with all the people
that I've been able to
interview and get out there
that I've helped to change
those perceptions and certainly people
that I have interviewed for
the show have now gone
on and they're doing, you
know, really big and great,
amazing things. So it's changing
that definition of what a
designer looks like and what
a designer can do and
who our designers should be.
That has definitely changed a
lot since I started revision
path. I'm curious if you
think, what do you think
that, that white folks or
non-black folks who are listening
and they hear that there
is a show that's all
about black designers and, you
know, talks to black designers
in front of developers. W
what do we, what do
we tell them about the
importance? Why, why a show
is needed? Like, what would,
what does race matter for
web design? I think it
matters because there's not just
one particular race of person
that's using the web. So
there are certainly is not
more than one particular ways.
That's, that's building the web.
I mean, the web is
out there for everybody and
you don't want to have
just, or you don't want
to at least showcase just
a certain type of designer,
designing things for a big
diverse global audience. You want
to show a diverse global
group of designers. That's doing
the same thing. I think
people will look at revision
path and they'll see our
archives page. And they see
this wall of black faces.
And they might think that
as a monolith, but there's
a lot of diversity within
that monolith. There's young, old,
gay, straight trans in the
U S not in the
U S they're across all
different parts of the design
industry, summer developers, summer public
speakers, summer educators. Like there's
a huge swath of diversity
and what could be viewed
as just this sort of
monolithic set. And I can
tell, you know, for, I'd
say maybe 90% of the
people who I've had on
the show, it was their
very first interview. And it
was their very first time
anyone had ever really talked
to them seriously about their
work. And th and these
are people at all different
levels, not just, you know,
junior people starting out or
anything like that. This, this
is at all different levels.
It's the first time anyone's
ever really cared to talk
to them about what they
know and why they love
what they do and why
they're a designer, or why
they're an illustrator or anything
like that. So I think
that is what is really
important is that every designer
has a story to tell.
And I think it's important
to kind of hold the
mic and, and let them
tell that story. Yeah. I
really feel, I have always
Longfeld since I met you
many years ago, that I
felt a kinship with revision
path that I also feel
with, with, with, with the
show that we're on right
now, which is that there's
yeah. You have some famous
people on, and yeah, you
have some really accomplished people
on, but I love catching
people on the come up
and then going back and
saying, Hey, you know what
I had, so and so
on the show and folk
didn't know who that person
was, and now look what
they're doing. You know, I'm
not saying I gave him
a stepping stool, but I,
you know, I gave him
a thumbs up. I gave
them an up vote when
I started, you know what
I mean? Well, you gave
them the mic. You gave
them a platform to at
least tell people what it
is they're doing, because there's
no telling who's going to
listen to the episode once
you've put it out there.
Yeah, exactly. Like I'm looking
back at my wall of
faces and I see Kimberly Bryant
from black girls code. I
had her on in 2012,
you know, wow. Six years
ago, you know, I there's
dozens and dozens and dozens
of great stories like that,
of fun people doing amazing
work and catching them while
they are already going to
become superstars, whether they're on
their, on our shows or
not. It's just so nice
to look back and say,
look at that, look at
that, that Corpus, that, that
wall of content that we
created and having made hundreds
of hours of audio has
gotta be really satisfying. Yeah.
And I mean, even for
them, like, I know we've
had a couple of repeat
guests that have come back
and just, you know, have
said like, this is what
I've been up to. This
is what I've been working
on since the show. And
they're like, they really love
that revision path is giving
this voice for black designers
and developers and creatives to
really tell their story about
what's going on, because they
may not get approached by
any other design media to
tell it, they may just
have to say it on
Twitter. They may have to
be their own cheerleader. And
then that way revision path
kind of, you know, as
a megaphone for the work
that they're doing. Yeah. I
also liked the term that
you used before when you
said monoculture, because you're, you're
saying it's important to show
people that there's lots of
different folks out there doing
amazing work. And I, I
like that. You, it's not
just, Hey, look, black developers,
black designers, there's a spectrum
within any subgroup of people.
But it's interesting to see
techies complain about things like
browser monoculture. You hear that
a lot amongst designers like,
well, we shouldn't have to,
to Chrome. So, so we're
upset about there being just
one browser, but we're not
one kind of designer or
one flavor of developer. That's
interesting, isn't it? It is.
So I think that if
we, as techies, no matter
what color we are or
what our background is, can
agree that lots of different
kinds of technology are no,
there's not just one language.
There's not just one browser.
There's not just one render,
or there's not just one
design that seems uncontroversial. We
should apply that to our
lives as well. And the
more kind of mixed up
our group is our friends
are, and our designers are
the better. The web is
going to be for everybody.
I agree. Yeah. I dig
it so people can check
you out@revisionpath.com and you are
on basically every podcast app
network site that anyone could
possibly find, which I need
you to up my game,
because some of these you're
on SoundCloud, you're on overcast
or everywhere, and we're on
Twitter and Facebook and Instagram,
just search for revision path.
Very cool. Well, thanks so
much for chatting with me
today, Scott, thank you so
much for having me on
the show. I really appreciate
it. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes and
we'll see you again next
week. .